certificate-authentication.md: refine cert based authentication (#2973)
pingcap/docs: certificate-authentication.md

    openssl x509 -noout -subject -in ca-cert.pem | sed 's/.\{8\}//'  | sed 's/, /\//g' | sed 's/ = /=/g' | sed 's/^/\//'
    ```

+ `require san`: Specifies the `Subject Alternative Name` information of the CA certificate that issues the user certificate. The information to be specified is consistent with the [`alt_names` of the `openssl.cnf` configuration file](/generate-self-signed-certificates.md) used to generate the client certificate.

    + Execute the following command to get the information of the `require san` item in the generated certificate:

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ```shell
        openssl x509 -noout -ext subjectAltName -in client.crt
        ```

    + `require san` currently supports the following `Subject Alternative Name` check items:

        - URI
        - IP
        - DNS

>     + Multiple check items can be configured after connecting by commas. For example, configure as follows for the `u1` user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + Multiple check items can be configured after connected by commas. For example, configure `require san` as follows for the `u1` user:
```
